it's time to go back to west world well
okay also Shogun world and the real
world and British Raj world listen
season two was epic there's a lot going
on but before we get into all that let's
just very quickly look back at the major
events of season one so we're all on the
same page shall we
west world was the original creation of
two brilliant men Robert Ford and Arnold
Webber their concept was to create an
immersive Wild West theme park populated
by incredibly lifelike robots named
hosts while guests would wander around
freely and interact with any host they
liked however they like the hosts
themselves stuck to pre-programmed loops
based on memories and storylines
provided for them Dolores is a ranchers
daughter Maeve is a madam
Teddy is a gun slinger and so on over
time Arnold came to believe that the
hosts were capable of true feeling and
even consciousness so it would be you
know wrong to let paying customers
torment and kill them over and over
again can open the park so he programmed
Dolores to kill him and all the other
hosts which she did but Ford went ahead
with his plans anyway largely with the
help of the delos corporation oh that
Ford he's incorrigible delos was run by
a man named William who married the
daughter of the company's founder
William first came to the park with his
new brother-in-law Logan and developed
some very complicated feelings about it
he was fascinated with Arnold and Ford's
creation but saw that it revealed a
darkness within him he'd never known
about before kind of like me and
wholefoods
Ford also made a host copy of Arnold
whom he named Bernard - a system
yeah his name was animal as with all the
other hosts Bernard believed himself to
be human but he figured out the truth
during season one I'm not one I can't be
my wife my son so the park opens and
operates for over thirty years without a
major incident except for the lack of a
churro cart that is just upsetting over
time Ford sours on humanity and comes
around to Arnold's point of view so he
begins enacting a plan to allow the host
to exit their loops and attack their
tormentors he starts by giving them some
of their traumatic memories he then
encourages Dolores to merge her
personality with a homicidal character
named Wyatt he also gives Maeve the
Madame character from the main West
world brothel the power to verbally
control other hosts high-ranking dello
staffer named Charlotte Hale arise she's
only interested in some mysterious data
that the company's been collecting in
the park
it's our little research project that
Lois cares about that's where the real
value is which she hides within the mind
of a host named Peter Abernathy who
plays the role of Dolores his father in
the season finale during an in park VIP
gala Ford encourages Dolores to kill him
and begin attacking human park guests
William is now an old man whose wife has
recently committed suicide he returned
to the park is kind of a personality
test I had to prove her wrong so I came
back here because that's what this place
does right reveals your true self he
witnesses the massacre and seems pleased
that the hosts have finally broken free
and that Ford and Arnold's game is now
real he's ed Harris that guy loves
mayhem meanwhile Maeve is all set to use
her powers to escape West world for good
but she turns back at the last second
though she now recognizes that she's a
robot and doesn't have blood relations
she still feels tied to the daughter
character she was assigned during a
previous loop so she goes back to save
her
that basically brings you up to speed
till now though we should also meet a
few more characters who will become
important later this is Elsie she's an
engineer who worked for Bernard until
Ford commanded him to silence her we
kind of thought she was dead but she'll
be back in season two it's pretty hard
to actually die on this show it's like
everybody around here's got some kind of
an agenda except for me this is Lee he
wrote the stories and narratives for
park guests to play through he's
frequently exasperated experience and
this is Ashley Stubbs he's the head of
park security and also a Hemsworth we're
almost ready to start talking about
season two but not yet there are a few
big weighty important delicious Nolan II
concepts that the show slowly introduces
throughout the season but which we're
gonna get out of the way right here up
top first control units every host has
one they're like the opinions and/or
[ __ ] of the host world these can be
found in the hosts skulls and it's where
their memories and personalities are
stored it consists of a very tough outer
shell impenetrable even to bullets with
a perfect spherical container known as a
pearl inside the control unit in a very
real way is the host they can be dropped
into any 3d printed body and the hosts
mind will remain unchanged next the
project so remember all the mysterious
data that Charlotte Hale came to
Westworld to find and protect it's not
data about the hosts or rundowns about
everything that happened Westworld
season 1 though those aren't helpful
it's an archive of brain scans for every
guest who has ever visited Westworld
those white and black hats that you get
assigned when you first enter that's how
they scan your brain and watch it as you
participate in all of the park's various
activities it's that even legal
don't be silly this is the future laws
don't matter and what if they had a
guest who wasn't a hat person fiendish
plan ruined fortunately that never came
up the idea was to use all of this data
to perfectly replicate a human mind and
not just any human mind but the minds of
rich people who wanted to be able to
continue living in host bodies after
death Vega didn't recover
I'm afraid not this was the pitch that
William used to convince his
father-in-law powerful tech magnate
James Delos to invest in Westworld back
when Ford needed money though the
process came very close to working over
enough time host versions of real people
always eventually glitch out and
malfunction to keep you here just a
little bit longer for some observation
made it to day 7 this time so that's
progress
William tried to make a father-in-law
host work for so long he transformed
from Jimmy Simpson into Ed Harris before
finally giving up next the cradle this
is a special room within the main Mesa
HQ at Westworld that houses all of the
backup data for all of the hosts it also
contains a virtual Westworld environment
where the backup hosts mines reenact
their classic loops for all eternity
it's a lot like Twitter Ford made him
delete this memory so he's not aware of
it at first but before the big season 1
massacre Bernard made a copy of Ford's
mind and placed it inside the cradle
remember this it is an important detail
for season 2 finally the forge this is a
massive server hidden underground in a
distant corner of the west-world Park
that housed all the secret data
collected from the parks human guests
over the years it's also where Ford
created a new environment he called the
valley beyond a paradise where the host
minds could live and retain their
memories and personalities without any
interference from human guests which is
nice for them because we are seriously
the worst ok we're almost there
the season 2 summary you've been
searching for must be just over that
next Ridge have you ever seen anything
so full of splendor but first are
worried about time jumps season 1 of
West's world was viewed largely through
the eyes of the host who spent 30 years
stuck in time loops so it was pretty
tough to get your bearings and know just
when different things were happening I
had a feeling you'd be back season 2 is
more linear with one major exception
we're seeing two timelines because at a
crucial moment and the action Bernhard
purposefully scrambles his own memories
like you do so season 2 begins just
after
season one ends with Dolores lush Wyatt
leading the hosts in an uprising against
their human masters but episodes also
occasionally jump to actions
specifically concerning Bernard that
take place two weeks later when an
outside delos extraction team arrives at
the park for this cram etre gonna clear
Bernards mind and progress through
everything in chronological order let's
get you back to base fellas Pratt's
gonna want to talk season two also
contains a few extended flashbacks so
let's get them out of the way first
thing before he died Arnold brought just
one host Dolores with him on a trip to
the real world as in the actual world
outside the park not the set of the MTV
show that would mean nothing to her he
showed her a future city or from his
perspective a present-day city and took
her to the home he'd been building at
the time for his family Arnold and
Dolores became so close in fact that
Ford relied on her almost exclusively to
create Bernard and that was the only
reason
it definitely wasn't so he could take
summer fridays off while ford had hoped
to create a perfect copy of Arnold
Delores recognized that there may be a
benefit to tweaking his personality a
bit say by removing that part that
compelled him to kill himself and all
the hosts this is how Bernard remained
stable while every other host modeled on
a real human self destructs we also
learned more in season 2 about what
drove Williams wife Juliette to commit
suicide turns out she was played by Sela
Ward who had a number of other offers on
the table also Juliet found a memory
card that forded given William a copy of
Dallas's complete file on him based on
his brain scans seeing the darkness
inside her husband for the first time
was more than poor Juliet could bear
finally a few words on a specific native
host named acacia de
during the parks pre-opening test phase
he'd been programmed as a peaceful
villager living with his beloved wife
Kohana by chance a que cheetah stumbled
upon the crime scene shortly after
Dolores had killed Arnold and discovered
some of the secrets of consciousness
when the park opened a cachito was
redesigned as a homicidal threat a
member of a hostile tribe known as the
ghost nation but he still recalled his
awakening and came to see West world as
a false reality over the course of
decades he gradually became fixated on
escaped acacia to crucially met up with
Robert Ford who was in the park working
on his final project I've been watching
you the piece you've been watching me as
well from the beginning for tells him
about his plans and instructs him to
look for a doorway leading out of West
world permanently to a new world okay so
at long last let's dive into season 2 it
picks up right where the first season
left off with West world's hosts
wandering the park freed from their
loops in possession of their traumatic
memories and eager to destroy all humans
Delores still merged with Ford's
homicidal villain Wyatt is leading a
violent group of hosts across the park
killing anyone they find Skynet style
I've evolved into something new
and I won last role to play
[Music]
myself she gives her kind and gentle oh
pal teddy a tour of the park space of
operations showing him all the many
creative and troubling ways humans have
tormented him over the years we are
bastards
and that's why Wyatt Loras is bent on
wiping us out there's a greater world
out there one that belongs to them
and it will be enough to win this world
[Music]
we'll need to take that memory miss
Delores and Teddy start recruiting more
hosts to join their cause
including the dangerous cluster soldiers
known as the Confederate O's waken
meanwhile Maeve kidnaps West world story
editor Lee Sizemore to help track her
daughter bought through the massive park
how can I get to she reunites you as X
bendy toes Hector an armistice character
she'd encountered frequently in her loop
catch you back at the loop they probably
have said if they'd known they were in a
loop back in the park Charlotte Hale
meets up with Bernard whom she doesn't
yet realize as a host he's just that
smooth the entrance for the outpost is
on the other side of this valley
together they set out in search of Peter
Abernathy who remains in the park
despite Charlotte's best efforts to
track him down in season one they were
expecting a delivery from us to the
mainland in the house that was supposed
to arrive yesterday dela scorp taking a
generally relaxed attitude toward the
safety of its guests has refused to send
a full rescue and extraction team until
they receive all the data collected from
Westworld guests throughout the years
which is still locked in Abernathy's
head package william injured but still
alive after the massacre encounters a
strange host who resembles Robert Ford
as a young boy and seems to speak on
behalf of the old man next he wanted
young Robert challenges William to a
mysterious new game and he accepts the
challenge
you have to make it back out okay let's
find the door oh hey that's just not
necessary remember that thing about the
violent delights and the violent ends
it's like he didn't even see season one
Williams daughter Emily also learned
nothing from season one because she was
not yet on the show but that's all about
to change when we first meet up with her
she's living it up in a separate West
world adjacent delos robot park themed
after India when it was still under
British rule
Ford's changes to West world also took
effect here in British Raj world which
contains Tiger hosts so this situation
is generally not great or great even
Emily manages to get away and wait swim
her way to West world can she do that
they don't have any kind of barrier up
considering the size of these parks how
vast is the distance between them does
the British Raj have its own HQ do the
Hat scanners still work if you get them
wet why was Walt so important how come
Claire and Russo were able to have
babies on the island but no one else
could so many questions anyway as soon
as she's arrived on the shores of West
world emily is kidnapped by members of
the ghost nation tribe Charlotte and
Bernard catch up with Peter Abernathy
and save him from some confused hosts
who still think their Wild West outlaws
just then Dolores his new pals the
Confederate Oh show up Charlotte manages
to get away but team Wyatt grabs both
Bernard and the Abernathy files the
militant hosts are gathering at fort
forlorn hope where Dolores hopes to make
a stand against the remaining humans
working for Park security combined with
your army colonel we won't just survive
the course is riding against us it
mostly works except that the delos team
gets away with Abernathy whom Dolores
still cares for like a father but hey at
least a lot of humans died as the battle
ends Dolores betrays the Confederate O's
leaving them to be slaughtered and then
finishing them off with some nitro
though she believes that hosts as a
group deserve to continue on and find a
new life outside of the part she's also
okay with most of them sacrificing their
lives to make it happen
Dolores in the streets but Wyatt in the
sheets
we don't all deserve to make it
post-battle Dolores orders teddy to kill
any surviving Confederate owes but he's
a sensitively programmed soul and just
can't bring himself to do it he's not
bad he's just coated that way also
during the battle I host named
Clementine who's working for Dolores
Knox Bernard out and dumps him outside a
cave in a random corner of the park once
he comes to he finds Elsie in there
chained up apparently Ford only had him
subdue her but not kill her back in
season one what a guy in the back of the
cave they find a hidden entrance to the
old lab where Williams teen was working
on the many failed copies of James Delos
hey this one never even got burned up oh
never mind while those two spelunk
William and Emily meet up in the park
hi dad she wants to take him back to the
real world but he's intent on solving
that weird puzzle he heard about from
the robot boy which makes it sound like
I'm summarizing a show for young
children rather than a cerebral HBO
sci-fi drama but here we are William
also suspects that his daughter might be
a host sent by Ford to trick him which
would be a highly understandable concern
if you lived in this version of the
future would you really stupid this law
before you really gunning for me this
heart so he waits for her to fall asleep
and then bails Maeve and her group have
now expanded to include Westworld tech
guys named Felix and Sylvester yeah like
the cartoon cats and no I'm not sure why
they did that while searching for
Maeve's daughter they actually stumble
on an entirely different robot filled
Delos theme park this one modeled after
feudal Japan welcome to Shogun world the
gang goes on an adventure with the new
parks doubles for Hector and Maeve a
samurai named Musashi and a madam named
Akane she wants to protect a young
geisha who's been kidnapped by the army
of the malfunctioning Shogun host and
you know what I'm gonna level with you
folks this stuff does not really matter
all that much long term but Maeve does
discover that she can now issue commands
to other hosts using only her mind which
does matter see this is why we cram it I
think I'm finding
in preparation for a major assault on
the Mesa compound the headquarters for
all West world operations Dolores alters
Teddy's code making him more brutal and
violent and therefore open to her
increasingly frequent murder requests
was Bill weak I'm going to fail it's
maybe a bit too effective her plan is to
load the train that runs newly arrived
guests to Sweetwater with explosives and
detonate it under the main Mesa HQ then
begin a floor-by-floor invasion while
that operation gets underway Bernard and
Elsie try to get some of West world's
main security systems back online hoping
to put an end to the carnage but
something or someone inside the cradle
keeps mysteriously blocking them spoiler
alert it's someone so they walk back to
the Mesa and Elsie plugs Bernards mind
directly into the cradle so he can poke
around and see what's going on can't a
robot just kind of poke around is that
even possible
sound off in the comments once inside
the cradle Bernard encounters his old
dead friend Robert Ford hello remember
how Ford had bernard put a copy of his
mind into the cradle while he was still
planning his big send-off and then
erased Bernards memories of this event
we've been over this so this is where
foretells Bernard and by extension the
viewers at home about the project
Dallas's plan to digitize human minds
and place them inside immortal robot
bodies we're here to code the hosts we
were here to decode Ford also tells them
that his goal wasn't just to free the
host from their loops but to give them a
real shot at survival in the big show
the human world I promised you a
fighting chance but non and I want to
make good on that promise while the old
friends virtually catch up the train
crashes into the mountain literally
sensing the dangers on the way
Elsie pulls Bernard out of the cradle
but doesn't realize that a little piece
of Ford's mind has tagged along for the
ride but what should their shared brain
couple name be her forward for Denard
again sound off in the comments
the Ford who's now planted in Bernards
head suggests that he shut down all the
remaining security protocols to give
Dolores free reign over the entire Mesa
complex but for it doesn't force him
there's no longer my store
as you Bernard makes the decision to
help Dolores all on his own
Dolores recovers Peter Abernathy's
control unit and Angela blows up the
cradle and herself with it this ensures
that Delos can't recover the hosts minds
from here and create new bodies for them
it also gives her one last chance to
ironically use her catchphrase
welcome to West ultimately almost all of
the hosts taking part in the assault on
the Mesa are killed taking many more
humans with them as Dolores and Teddy
returned to the park post assault Maeve
also returns to West world following her
Japan side quest she has a run-in with
William who she still blames for
murdering her and her daughter in cold
blood for no reason back in season one
geez get over lady that's like loop
stuff she returns to her old homestead
and does the Maximus run your hand
through the wheat move because even
hosts have seen gladiator sadly may
finds that her daughter has been
reassigned to a new mom so at least West
world Child Protective Services is still
functioning even more sadly Maeve
watches helplessly as her daughter is
taken away by the ghost nation before
perhaps most sadly she shot up by a
delos response team
it's sad show gang I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it as ly in the del o steam
take her back to HQ William clings to
life
but Emily finds him and escorts him to
safety she hopes they'll eventually be
rescued by one of those Dallas
extraction teams that are not coming to
her report but by this point he's gone
full ed Harris you never go full at
Harris I make my own decisions and I'm
gonna destroy this whole place totally
convinced now that his daughter is a
host sent by for it to trick him
Williams shoots and kills her along with
an entire team of human delos
mercenaries what do you think their
insurance situation is like we are
talking about a lot of families to
compensate at this point seeing that she
still has the memory card Ford gave him
all those years ago William realizes
that he shot his actual human daughter
he briefly contemplates suicide but then
decides against it I mean he's still
very very rich it's something back at
the Mesa Charlotte Hale and a surviving
tech discover Maeve's special ability to
control other hosts they figure out how
to transfer Maeve's power into the
injured but still salvageable Clementine
turning her into a powerful
anteye host weapon Maeve meanwhile uses
her ability to communicate remotely with
the Kachina at the ghost nation camp
telling him to head for Ford's promised
doorway and to keep her daughter safe
she also pulls a message from ford's
consciousness out of Bernards mind and
into her own which is a pretty fancy
trick
I think I saw Criss Angel do that to a
guy once he tells her that she was
always his favorite host and then so
much so first
the dusting stuff protune hoe and
restores all of her abilities ford still
embedded in Bernards mind suggest that
he might have to kill LC after all to
achieve his freedom she knew who feel
any pain
so in horror Barnard tracks down the
portion of Ford's mind inside his own
and deletes it humans can do the same
thing with enough vodka but for a host
you too Stephen iPad
Dolores remains bent on escaping West
world and destroying human civilization
teddy horrified by her plans and what
he's become shoots himself so he won't
be forced to help you change
I get to Hofstra of course he didn't
realize his brain is bulletproof or he
might have made a back-up plan you know
I bet if ant-man shrunk himself down
really small and crawled up and you know
what never mind
a traumatized Dolores mourns Teddy but
takes his control unit along with her
just in case she meets up with an old
acquaintance William and since they're
both heading to the forge and Ford's
so-called valley beyond they decide to
travel together
but not before Delores uses the bullets
she removed from Teddy's brain to
sabotage Williams gun
smart strategy he is after all a
kill-crazy maniac a Kate Judah and the
ghost nation are also making for the
Fords where they believe they will find
the door to another world that Ford
promised Maeve uses her restored powers
to order some repairs then takes out the
remaining delos cards and also heads out
for the forge in a last-ditch effort to
reunite with her daughter bots she gets
pinned down by a team of delos
mercenaries solely recognizing that the
hosts are truly alive sacrifices himself
to save her they can take our lives but
they can never take robots Delores and
William arrive at the forge just in time
to save Bernard who's been waylaid by a
dello steam William tries to shoot
Dolores but ends up blowing his own hand
off
oh no he needs that for the killing we
were designed to survive so she and
Bernard go into the forge without him
and use the Abernathy control unit to
unlock the system her plan is to scan
all of the data that Delos tracked about
the park's guests over the years to
learn all about humans and how to kill
them sort of like if jason voorhees had
his own masterclass in the secret we
need it inside what's inside Bernard and
Delores communicate directly with the
forge who takes the form of Logan delos
they have only his father's memories and
they are
and he explains that copying human minds
into host doesn't work right because
humans are so rudimentary and simple
basically the show is negging the human
race the truth is that a human is just a
brief algorithm once you know them their
behavior is quite predictable Forge
Logan escorts Dolores to a virtual
library containing all of the parks data
on its human guests she reads up on
human nature then the forge opens up a
pathway to Ford's Valley beyond a
sanctuary for the minds of the hosts
where they can live out their lives free
from humans with their memories intact
they will leave their bodies behind but
their minds will live on here in the
forge humans in the park can't see the
entrance because again
we're just the worst but the ghost
nation and other surviving hosts start
to break on through to the other side
Barnard sees the valley beyond is a
blessing for the host but the Laura
season is just another cage designed for
them by humans the world is just another
false promise they've made a choice
divorce once they're out of the forge
and back into their bodies Dolores
begins erasing all of the stored data
and flooding the entire area
around this time Charlotte Clementine
and the delos team arrived triggering
mass chaos at the entrance to the valley
Hector and Armistice are killed in the
fighting while Maeve sacrifices herself
to allow her daughter her daughter's new
mom and a que cheetah to pass through
the portal to safety William pulls
himself up and enters the forge but we
don't ever seen him arrive at the actual
facility more on this later
inside the fort's facility Barnard
realizes that Dolores will almost
definitely succeed in her quest to wipe
out humanity and will probably end up
killing most of the other hosts as well
so he shoots her I won't let you hurt
any more people he prevents the fort's
from deleting all the data but can't
stop the flood taking the Abernathy
files with him he locks the system back
up meets up with Charlotte and her team
and they all head back to the Mesa once
there Barnard talks with Elsie and is
dismayed to find that she was in favor
of wiping out the host using the
Clementine protocol which would be a
really good name for a spy movie
out of control he then sees Charlotte
kill LC to eliminate a particular
witness I wish you were the kind of
person with the moral flexibility I need
but I've read your file
perhaps recognizing the true threat
posed to host kind by humans for the
first time Bernards consciousness much
like the force awakens in the moment he
thinks he's hearing for giving him
instructions but it's actually his own
voice making decisions for the first
time is this the end of your story what
do you want your kind to survive
Bernard decides to bring Dolores back
but with a new body that looks exactly
like Charlotte Hale this will allow her
to escape West world and should lock
Tessa Thompson into at least sporadic
Season three appearances Dolores
Charlotte I guess technically it's
Dolores slash Charlotte slash Wyatt now
shoots the real human Charlotte Hale and
seamlessly takes her place you wanted to
live forever Bernard then purposely
scrambles his memories so that the
inevitable delos extraction team won't
be able to figure out what he did and
identified Dolores as the fake Charlotte
and this is the point where the timeline
splits the rest of the story is seen
exclusively from Bernards point of view
in bits and pieces scattered throughout
the season because he's confused and
slipping around through his own memories
that nude loz team does eventually make
it to West's world about two weeks after
Ford's gala and the original host attack
they've sent a team led by the
no-nonsense Carl strand to piece
everything together and find out why
they still haven't received all of that
sweet sweet guest data I'm here because
as far as we know this remote for the
board was with you through begin the
team discovers that the cradle has been
destroyed and that the host backups are
gone but they're still able to salvage
some control units from the many many
dead hosts scattered around the park hey
let's see how much I can get for this on
eBay strand meets up with Bernard on the
beach right in the spot where he laid
down after deleting his memories and
brings him back to the Mesa back
face till espresso gonna want to talk to
you along the way they find Ford's dead
body one of the tigers from british raj
world that washed up on shore along with
emily and the aftermath of Dolores
decision to flood the forge and the
valley around it Barnard says account
[Music]
which everyone including the people
watching season 2 episode 1 thinks
refers to the empty bodies of all the
hosts who made it to the valley beyond
but he actually means he's responsible
for humanity's destruction by setting
Dolores free oh Lisa and Jonathan you
got us two points this round back at the
Mesa strands team meets up with who they
think is Charlotte Hale but it's
actually Dolores undercover which would
also probably be a good name for a spy
movie we've been pushing across the park
securing it one sector at a time
Dolores Charlotte orders Bernard to tell
the team where they can find the
Abernathy file
Peter Abernathy's control unit is in
sector 16 leading them all back to the
forge so we're going for a ride Bernard
back to the valley beyond once there so
this is the forge they find the Dolores
bodies at Bernard shot new Dolores
pretends that she's uploading the
Abernathy files with all the guest data
to Adela satellite but she's actually
beaming the valley beyond the Paradise
containing all the hosts mines to an
undisclosed location she also drops in
Teddy's pearl
there you go Ted hope you like a random
corner space then she kills strand his
team and Berna and heads to the beach
were Stubbs the head of Park security is
loading survivors on two rescue boats
Felix and Sylvester made it there and
they recover Maeve's body which probably
explains how she returns in season three
and even though we saw a bloodied and
near death William walking into the
forge and we never saw make it inside he
has somehow turned up on the beach as
well awaiting extraction to the mainland
hmm Stubbs implies to Charlotte slash
Dolores that he knows who she really is
probably because he's a covert host
himself double hmm
[Music]
my car drive stubs waves are onto a boat
and she's off to the mainland with the
pearls of five more unknown hosts hidden
away in her bag back in the human world
Dolores finds her way to Arnold's old
house this is the same one he was
building for his family which he showed
her during their very first trip to the
city long ago for it had the foresight
to set up a makeshift Mesa lab for her
there she uses it to build herself a new
Dolores body place one of the other
hosts mines in the Charlotte body and
then start work on Bernard 2.0 I
remembered you once before the season
ends with a flash-forward to the distant
future in a ruined Forge that has been
reclaimed by the elements a host version
of Emily attempts to perfect a host
version of her father just as the James
Dulles copies malfunctioned for years it
seems future Emily struggling to make
the new Williams for a long time that is
a lot of stuff and honestly you probably
don't need to know most of it because
season three appears to take place
largely in the real world so we may be
done with ghost nations and Confederate
OHS and mazes and doors all together
from this day forth let no one say that
you can't tell a pearl from a cradle
thanks for watching cannon
[Music]
you